have you ever heard such a term
form factor is essentially a degree
sophistication of designers and engineers
filling all the gadgets about the same
what remains to play correctly with the form
so we see the bent devices
the smartphone and the button screens themselves are not there
where do you expect them well and cleverly folded
corps however sometimes such decisions
are both successful and convenient
For example, six months ago in Russia appeared
transformer lenovo ideapad yoga
michael bay with their autobot here not
and all the cases of patented hinges
you need a laptop please tired
bent
I taught the tablet and you can do it this way or that way
pay tribute to this scavenger volumes
sky synthesis lineup they didn't stop
on achieved and made a tablet so
the same name they say a joke repeated
twice it gets twice as fun
but this is not the case here everything is serious
lenovo yoga tablet appeared pretty
unexpectedly samsung and apple don't
there were no leaks no one lost
The gadget in the bars just took announced
people did not expect such a surprise was
in slight bewilderment
but when the famous actor ashton
Kutcher introduced as a new engineer
lenovo in the world has become a couple here
you study bile jokes more in the hands of
me a 10-inch yoga tablet seemingly
ordinary tablet
but what is this exactly for this unit and
all the power of the gadget is you languages
as usually claimed that the idea is lapped up and
all came up gave nola oh oh oh how not
ashamed
indeed yoga tablet has an example
some similarity sony tablet s or
supra mcs 27 g
but only similarities but the most evil
say change to keyboard for mac and
you all understand well look oh sorry
apple did not patent elongated
cylinder smoothly rolling plane
is new lucky thanks to this
The features of the tablet are incredibly comfortable
lies in the hand of course this is not a book but everything
same feeling different from those when
you keep an ordinary tablet and obviously for the better
side of the example of the cancellation weighs 300
grams iyoga twice as much but this
the difference to be honest is practically not
felt by the way due to the unusual
constructions managed to reduce the overall
device thickness well one more secret
inside the battery is 9 thousand mA
o'clock
device keeps afloat incredibly
long producer says about 18 hours
work but since the parameters are all
loose I can only say that yoga can
compete with the same ipad mini
and now you are ready for magic
sim-salabim thanks to this aluminum
the tablet takes the perfect
typing position
carbon itself is secured quite reliably
that you will need to open the skill but
it's like a zippo lighter case
practice a day or two and all you have
work out and now try 2
take a slight
great by the way have you noticed that lenovo
made your version of the graphical shell
yes and here we got to the first weak
seats inside quad processor
from mtk but budget series judging system
according to the testimony of special tests below
middle
if you use a daily set
applications mail browser video music
light toys you hardly notice
twitching pause but worth running
something resource intensive and put out the light
finally the console mode is just
turn the tablet and get
great for watching videos
tilt angle adjustable true
maximum is better not to reach the tablet
can tip over
it is easy to see that the screen has
good brightness excellent viewing angles and
weak resolution after modern
hd displays and especially screens retina
1280 by 800 seems like yesterday afternoon
I will add that the tablet is equipped with two
stereo speakers
which settings are possible in known
limits change using the app
debts at one of the ends of the cylinder button
inclusions from the opposite below under
headphones comfortable micro beaten buttons
volume by the way too small constantly
miss under the reclining support
hiding slot under the card necrosis
some modifications here
Simka is well and original
conveniently located camera
work when you hold the tablet
a little book
as experts say
lenovo yoga tablet turned device
controversial until its form factor is unusual but
comfortable and sure to please those who do not
parting with the tablet materials assembly
I would put a solid four, but for
performance evaluation screens will have to
reduce to satisfactory let's say
in our area
this bird is rare and not everyone can
tame but given the fact that the price of
The 10 inch version ranges from 12 to
14 thousand that is, does not go beyond
categories need to think
tablet may well decorate your personal
or family park gadgets
subscribe to geek channel aces bunch
leave your comments and remember
the future is in our hands